the truth of the situation is your kids and
your grandkids are not going to be all right
they're not like most young people in this
country will will live lives of of relatively
severe poverty that's the way we're going and
that's like the future and you know your kids
and your grandkids will probably be poor or very
poor that's the way this country is going right
okay there's a few things i would like
to say about this the first thing is like
yeah... i'm not... that old... yet myself
i'm very very aware that um it's often
that the poor that are... sorry not poor
the young that are being put in like a very
difficult situation here so like if you take
even my family um we're always a poor family
but my parents you know were very thrifty
and they you know they lived like a very
basic life their whole life and they saved up
everything they could and now they basically own
their property without a mortgage you know they're
in their 60s now um and my dad's got a pension so
even though they've been like low income their
whole lives that and my mom didn't work for most
of her life they are now able to live like you
know they still live like a they don't live a
life of luxury by any means right but they're able
they're comfortable they're financially secure
um and that's you know they don't have any
university degrees or any special qualifications
just with one parent working they've been able
to do that and the young people don't have that
security right so like my sister she works way
harder than my parents ever worked and she's got
like two degrees and she's like struggling to
get by sometimes right so i think that really
captures like what's changed in generations um
so i'm totally totally aware and i talk about a
lot of how difficult the situation is for young
people now and how important it is that we find
ways to communicate to older people right because
we have this a voting division in this country
where a lot of older people vote
for this conservative government um
which means that to some degree they're happy
with the way things are going and that's because
i think they're they're a little bit lied to
you by the media saying oh if your kids stopped
buying avocado toast they're going to be all
right the truth of the situation is your kids
and your grandkids are not going to be all right
they're not like most young people in this country
will live lives of of relatively severe poverty
that's the way we're going and that's like the
future and you know your kids and your grandkids
will probably be poor or very poor that's the
way this country is going right and i think if
older people knew that they wouldn't accept it
so on the one hand like i totally understand
that what we are building here is a system
which hits the youngest worst and protects
often old but you need to add look there's
a lot of very poor old people in this country so
we shouldn't we shouldn't be just like young old
you know what i mean um but not only that
like if we allow that to become a division
and especially if we allow likes to some degree
of hatred to fester in that division if we allow
young people to get angry and to hate the old
then that will become a division which prevents
all of the ordinary people of this country from
coming together to push them back and i think
that that is what that is what the billionaires
want right they want us to fight each other and be
angry at each other because if we were not angry
at each other then we would point out the true
villains here who are destroying our lives and our
economy which is the super rich so um of course
like young people have my sympathy and this this
channel is often primarily targeting young people
but it's very very very important that we do not
exclude or fight against older people and in fact
the big part of what we have to do is to learn how
if you're young learn how to communicate to older
people who are close to you like your parents
or your grandparents your friends parents your
friends grandparents what is happening to your
generation and explain to them look this is not
about us being profligate it's not about being
idiots who spend all our money on cappuccinos
you know our lives are being destroyed our
futures are being destroyed because if the older
generation knew that you know they want futures
for their kids and their grandkids and then
there's real potential there to build a
connection so i see it in the media like
the another story that was out this week was um
oh pensioners are having their incomes protected
while ordinary workers are being screwed okay
and be that as it may you know that might be
true to a degree but you know prices are going
up ten percent almost everyone's being screwed
and what they want is is us to fight each other
like cats in a bag you know what i mean because
while that is happening the fastest ever increase
in millionaire and billionaire wealth in the
country ever in the history of this country it's
obvious where we need to get the money from and
if they can get us as poor and ordinary people to
fight each other then they can [__] rob us blind
while we're doing that so it's very very important
that we do not accept any level of division
be that based on age be that based on ethnicity
be that based on whether you're from the north or
from the south be that based on gender we cannot
accept those divisions because those are the
divisions that ultimately are going to keep all
of us poor and drive us all further into poverty
so like the way i see it you have to build bridges
amongst ordinary working people because that is
the only power that ordinary people have
the only power is that there's more of them
and if they start fighting each other instead of
fighting the rich then they lose the only power
they have which means they will lose which means
they'll lose their houses which means they will go
get driven further but they're in the poverty
so for me whenever i hear anything about all
the young are getting here the older getting
protected blah blah blah listen i understand
listen a lot of people are getting hit here and
some people are getting hit worse than others
but we need each other you know i mean you
know we can fight ourselves and we can fight
each other until the till the lifeboat rolls
over it doesn't help anybody you know i mean
like people need to find ways to build
bridges and unite across division
and um yeah i think that's important so um and
you know we have younger and older viewers on the
channel and um you know we have men and we have
women and we have people of all different races
and ethnicities and that's what we will need
so it's very important that we stick with that